1. Using proper pseudo-code, describe the following primitive algorithms:

        Making coffee;

        FUNCTION brewCoffee()
          FIND coffee in pantry
          FIND coffee filter
          PUT coffee filter in coffee maker
          PUT coffee in coffee filter

          IF coffee maker is not on
            TURN ON
          ELSE
            WAIT for brewing to complete
          END IF

          FOR EACH cup ready
            REMOVE cup
          PUT sugar in coffee
          END FOR
        END FUNCTION


        Washing dishes;

        FUNCTION washDishes()
          LOAD dirty dishes
          PUT detergent in dishwasher
          TURN on dishwasher
            IF dishwasher still on
              WAIT
            ELSE
              REMOVE dishes and place in cupboards
            END IF
          END FUNCTION


        A choice of your own.

        IF student's grade is greater than or equal to 60
          PRINT 'pass'
        ELSE
          PRINT 'fail'
        END IF





2. As with the knot algorithm, there may be more than one way to solve the problem.
   It is essential to try to pick the best algorithm for a situation. Name three
   companies who created an algorithm that made them successful, e.g., Google's
   search algorithm. It doesn't need to be a tech example (such as a recipe or
   manufacturing a product). Google's algorithm produces more relevant results
   than other search engines; what about each of your cases make them stand out?


      -Ford: Ford was one of the first car manufacturers that created an efficient
      manufacturing process for building cars on a large scale.

      -Google Maps: Google Maps was, and still is, the leading GPS app that is used
      all around the world for navigating people from point A to point B. The "fastest
      route" algorithm has made this possible.

      -Uber: Uber's algorithm has made them the most popular ride sharing/ taxi replacement
      service in the world.



3. Hypothesize about what constitutes an efficient algorithm versus an inefficient
   algorithm.


      Algorithmic efficiency is a property of an algorithm that relates to the number of
      computational resources that is used by the algorithm. You can determine whether an algorithm
      is efficient or inefficient by measuring the resource usage. 
